# TITLE
### Brainstorming Overview 
My users are casually creating a mosaic table. I keep them engaged and excited by having the tile colors randomize, so there is a hit of unpredictability, but not too much. Since creation happens just with the stroke of the mouse and is continuous, there is a sense of flow for users. Users maintain some control since they can continue changing each individual tile's color if they'd like it to be a different color, and they can continue adapting their mosaic for as long as they want. 
### Personal Connection
The inspiration for this program is a mosaic table that has been in my front hall for as long as I can remember--I even tried to mimic the original colors! When I was younger, my mother used to make mosaics a lot, and I would spend hours with her sifting through discarded tile scraps or broken pieces of stained glass. I think even the most simple mosaics are beautiful, and the process of making them requires a focus and dexterity that is calming. This program gives users an opportunity to access that feeling without much effort or exertion, and the final product hits a nostalgic place in my heart. 
###
This project required a lot of perserverance. After a few days of brainstorming, I landed on this end-product as my vision. Over the course of the week, I kept hitting road blocks; each time I encountered a different bug or my code did something unexpected, I started to get discouraged. There were moments where I considered trying to re-work my goal so it would be easier, but I didn't let myself give into that temptation. I experimented a lot with the Processing software, and spent many hours reading through the reference library to try to find useful snippets that I could apply. Eventually, I stumbled upon a program that did something entirely different from what I had hoped to achieve, but it got at the problem that I had been hard-pressed to solve, and since I had spent so much time with my program, I was able to adapt the open source code enough that it matched my initial vision almost to a t. Even though it may have seemed like the answer was right in front of my face the whole time, I wouldn't have traded the process of poring over completely irrelevant open source code because I learned a lot about Processing and it ultimately helped me identify what exactly I wasn't achieving, which is what eventually led me to the Google search that landed me on the code that proved most helpful! 
### Sources: 
